Are you ready?
.ready
.ready to forget forever
Good, Mr. Lambert
So, close your eyes
.both of you
.and take a deep breath
Now you will start to feel more and more refreshed
Neither of you will remember last year
There is no place called "the isthmus."
You'll only remember Dalton's coma
.and his recovery
..and let the darkness go away
.more and more
"Nine years later"
There is a time for everything, and for every matter
time under the heavens
time to give birth
And there is time to die
, to kill time
.and to heal time
maintenance time
And there is time to ask
Crying time
Time to laugh
A time to mourn, and a time to dance
Time to be silent
And to talk time
, to love time
Hatred has a time
There is a time for war and a time for peace
.Amen
We deliver this body to Earth
Earth to earth, ashes to ashes
"we remember you with love"
.and dirt to dirt. Amen
It was a beautiful requiem for a beautiful grandmother
She loved you so much
Your mom was a great friend, Josh
Thank you
.I miss my grandmother
She misses you, too, Callie
The dead do not long for anything
Well, that's not true
.and she misses you
See you next weekend, okay?
.(Dalton)
(Dalton)
do you understand what I mean?
He's just nervous about leaving
.to the collage. next week
.Know
.yeah, no
Thanks for organizing this
I'm just in a bad mood
How about you take him to college?
You have a few weeks before your students come
No, he wouldn't want me to
It's not the father, it's you
If you don't want to, that's another thing
.I can't
Why?
.it was just an idea
Maybe let's see if there is a way
.to reconnect with you, that's it
..you know, he's leaving soon, so...
.finally. think about it
.Farewell. I'll see you later
.Excuse me
.Excuse me. hey
do I know you?
.I knew your mother
.. years ago
But our communication was cut off
What is your name
(Carl)
Nice to meet you, Carl
I appreciate you coming to the funeral
I apologize for stopping you
.I'm confused
.of course
Death floods the mind with memories
But one should always
Makes new memories, right?
.Okay
(Goodbye, Josh
..(Carl)
"Hey mate, I had an idea."
What if I take you to school?
"next week?
What did you just say?
What did you just tell me, Dalton?
do i change it
Do you want to continue wearing this nappy?
Okay?
You know, let's do something
..we can clean those diapers
And re-wear the same nappy
do you like that?
.you like it. Well, let's do it
What clothes would you like?
.yeah, well, tell me
You just have to tell me
.Come on
Dalton: I think so.
.he is the best in the world
..if
.he wanted it
..I mean
"amazing"
.yeah, cool
.ideal
.Good. Good
|| treacherous ||
|| The red door ||
Dad, Mom, Me, Foster, Callie.
Last night I saw myself
She fell asleep and flew away
are you hungry
You should get rid of that face
Pout, otherwise it will be a long day
"Mom: How are things?"
"terrible"
."fine"
Your mom said you got a teacher
the arts that I wanted. What is his name?
She is a teacher. (Armaghan
is she good?
.It is the best
.congratulations
Well, it better be
For what we will pay her
"Send your light and your truth"
"Welcome to the new students."
.ok, let's start the fun
Jane Peers University
.yeah, you, come here
Hey mate, welcome back
at Jane Pears University
"Kappa Tau"? You are the Kappa Z fraternity.
It's been a long time, of course
.I'll take one for him. Thanks
Hey!
.Sorry
.Good. You can pick first
Pick your bed
Your mom packed you a power source
What's wrong with this?
.."Two plugs", "USB" port
Two connecting wires
.which is useless
.she is ready
.Good
Do you still need this?
My mom packed it in the bag
.she is intense
Is this what you were drawing?
Put it back in place
No, it's a great drawing
Did you draw it from memory?
.It's one of the pictures I found at home
Wow, it looks like it is
As if she's hiding something?
..this is what I feel
.what I feel in recent years
She had a hard life
.being a single mother
.yeah, that's hard
Shouldn't you put my picture
On the wall?
.I do not blame you
.sorry for being absent lately
..of course dad wasn't around but
.It could be worse
..I was a bit
Confused in the few years
..past, as if the brain
..that I just
..I managed
Allocate sufficient time for you and your two sisters
Have you thought about asking for help?
.I'm trying to move forward on my own
Are you Dalton Lambert?
Yes, were you...?
(Chris Winslow)
Is everything okay?
Yeah, no, everything's fine
But I thought my buddy
..with housing it will be
.boy
.Okay
I think it's a liberal arts college
Focusing on the word "liberal".
Yes, the name Chris confused me
correct. This will not happen with
A name like Dalton
You know, I'm going to an office
.dormitory and solve this
No, no, please, Father Dalton
.excuse me..
I interrupted his male cohabitation
.I will be right back
..Listen
.brought this for you
.check it out
..it's okay if you hate it but you
.you won't hate it
You don't really know me, do you?
I mean, do you think I'm interested in a frat bond?
It's just a party, Dalton
.Go. I listen
.do it for. I brought you here
You didn't even want to
Of course I did
Stop lying to me!
.I heard my mom at the funeral
.I still did it
So you are now father of the year?
At least you have a father
Don't blame your father for your mistakes
He dumped you 40 years ago
.get over this now
.I will not be like you
are you kidding me? After all we've done for you?
When did you become so ungrateful?
No wonder my mother divorced you
Thanks for the ride
You can hear that this is Shine Twain, right?
.Okay
So what did they say about housing?
What a pity, they said
.I have to sleep here tonight
But tomorrow they will give me a room
.others, so this is not a permanent situation
.Do not complain
I assume you are studying art here
Yes. And you? the music?
.mathematics
I wanted music, but the life of an artist
Unstable and full of anguish
But I am sure you will be very successful
Would you like to blow with my instrument?
What?
can you play
.I can play the piano a little bit
.it's the same thing. Just blow
My germs are harmless
What is this?
.something my mom made
.Beautiful
..permission
What is the strangest thing about you?
.I don't know
Come on, dude, everybody's a stranger
.You first
On Sundays I wear monocles
.eye and ask for food with a British accent
.It's weird
.Thanks
Well, sometimes eat
Instant oatmeal
.without water or milk or the like
.This will be dry
How awful you are in this
Let's try again
When I was 10 years old he died
My parents and I went to my grandmother Berky
who once almost lost her sight
Because of a bad case of tinea pedis
I don't remember when I was 10 years old
.I mean throughout that year
What do you mean?
.I was in a coma
Viral meningitis
At least that's what they told me many times
.the few that talked about it
But I don't remember anything
.not even being sick
As if I woke up one day
And a whole year has passed
.that's horrible
.and very rarely
.Done well
Yeah, actually I wish I was
I forgot a whole year when I was a kid
.I could have benefited from meningitis
..you know, there
Another strange thing about me
..since you were in coma
.I am afraid of the dark
..I was even afraid of Barbie dolls
.now
There is nothing wrong with being afraid
As long as you keep the lights on
You won't be able to sleep
Seriously?
.sorry
.Well whatever
.decent. I will bear
Hi, I'm Dalton
.I can't answer you now
So leave a message and I will get back to you
.hi dude, it's me
I called to check on your coping
.with the new location
..I just thought about what you said
..And
..I don't know
..what's wrong with me but
.I'll make it clear
.I just wanted you to know that
.Good. Farewell
.Welcome
I'm Professor Armaghan
Turn off your phones
Open the graphics bags
.Draw something that might interest me
.Put it on the stand
Stand by your work
.Stand proud
(Alec Anderson)
Your style is clear
.look like a picture
.Thanks
.that was not flattery
.rip it
Excuse me?
.graph. rip it
I put a lot of effort into this drawing
No one will miss her
No way
Really unfortunate, our first victim
Usually someone quits
After I start the introductions
I did not resign
Yes, I did
.But you still haven't realized this yet
.you can leave
.good luck
Any idiot can learn the technique
.till master it
But it is useless if it does not come from the depths
I'm not interested in "art grammar."
We will break the rules
Then I want you to bust it again
Let's see how far you can breach it
(Dalton Lambert)
.Yes, ma'am
Why the hell did I rip
Such a beautiful drawing?
.again for good measure
It wasn't very difficult, was it?
Well, you should forget about your past
Skin your skin so you can grow
.I'll count down from ten
With every number I want you to sink in
.again and again deep within yourselves
Do not remove the charcoal from the paper
..ten
..nine
..eight
..Seven
..six
..five
..four
..three
..two
.One
Draw whatever your soul leads to
And the feeling that it defines you
..you must be ready to search
.in your deepest and darkest thoughts
Does this door lock you up
Or let you out?
You will have to wear an earphone
The machine is noisy but you will be
.can hear me
I want you to remain as still as possible
possible until the end of the procedure
...if you feel like getting out of there
.Tap the ball and we'll stop
are you OK?
.very elated
.Go up now
.Take this
Good. Are you comfortable, Josh?
.Okay. Let's finish this
Welcome?
Dr. Brawer?
There is someone with you
What? What did you say?
Dr. Brower, what did you say?
.Come on
Would you take me out please?
!Welcome
Will you take me out?
.the door is open
Alright! Get me out! Dr. Brawer!
Get me out, Dr. Brawer
.Come on. Get me out of here
Welcome?
!You
.get me out. take me out
Dr. Brawer. Come on
.get me out
.Good. Let's go
Mr. Lambert
What was that?
Are you okay?
Why did you turn off the light?
.just chill
Did you say the light is off?
All the lights went out and I was stuck there
..I saw
.. - What is this
...(Mr. Lambert
I was asleep for 15 minutes
.all asleep
.and the echo is quite clear
What?
Take time to get dressed
.Come here
You don't have any problem physically
There are no spots on the brain
.nothing to worry about
That's good news, Mr. Lambert
..Yeah, I know, I am
.I guess I was expecting something real
Something that could explain this confusion
It could be your memory problem
Referring to many things
Increased stress
A change in habits
Have there been changes?
in your home life?
My mother passed away recently
.I am sorry for your loss
Not to mention clubbing
...my son to college
And my ex-wife hardly
...talking to me, so
This looks cumbersome.
.actually -
Maybe an expert on death
.He can help you
.Yes, of course, it might work
Are there cases of diseases
mentality in your family?
Mental illness?
You don't have to worry about that
This can be useful for diagnosis
.not to my knowledge
.It would be good to investigate that
Meanwhile, there are exercises
.and games to stimulate memory
Memory board game
Do you want me to play
Kids Games?
We can learn a lot from children
.Okay
Thanks
What do you do?
They gave me a new room
So finally, no more parties
The happy thing is, I am
.in room 323 now
.right above you
So don't make noise, I don't want to hear you
.caress your cock in the middle of the night
Want to join the Brotherhood?
What?
No, my father brought it to me
.Here you are
We make fun of their clothes
And their parents' money
.unless you keep redecorating
Come on, Dalton, do something
May your father be pleased
What's the worst that could happen?
Would you like some pudding?
.No thank you
.both
.as you like
are you serious?
Come on, stop yelling
.and come here
Let's immortalize this night
Dalton Lambert would enjoy it
What is sibling juice?
.do not ask -
!Welcome! Welcome -
Everyone, my name is Nick
Nick! the villain! (Nick) the villain
Nick (evil)
, welcome home
.and welcome to school my dears
I just want to remind you
...that bond of brotherhood
.are under attack
We must protect our right
...in celebration
.and to be amazing
Whites, Negroes, browns, blues
Everyone is welcome here
...as long as you confess
...and you respect
...that the bond of brotherhood is the last home
In it men can be men
.Thank you
Now, there's a lot to drink tonight
...but, control yourselves
We don't need another incident
Bad party
I agree with you, let's go upstairs
We searched other people's stuff
.Okay
We must not be late
Permission to continue has been granted
.hey
.both
This is Nick's room
.and this is a creamy (nick) anal
I'll dump this in the bathroom
.I will be right back
.Wait
...Hey man
are you okay man
Do you need water or something else?
.make it stop
.close the door
...close
,I am going now
.I need supplies
Hi Paige, I'm Nick
.tonight is your night
.here
What happened?
Be yourself
Do you want to dance?
.It would be nice to dance
.we can dance
.let's dance
.tonight is your night
.Be quiet
are you OK?
...I think I saw something
What?
.We have to go
.now -
The fun has just begun.
Is someone in my room? -
smash, smash -
You're going to be in trouble, flanker
what is going on?
Oh my God, we are so sorry
...we were looking for some privacy
.you know, we would have done it
.I prefer watching my parents do it
.But, you two should stick around
I have drunk enough
.to find you both attractive
.even if you look like a clown
Nick is evil, right?
You're going to be a eunuch now, Nick
Run!
It's good to think quickly
is not it?
...I
How stupid
I didn't ask if I could kiss you
I'm sorry, I followed my instinct
...both -
Are you well? -
...I'm fine, just me
I just apologize about
What I told you
.whatever
Do you think I care what he thinks?
He should be lucky
.hi mate, i'm calling you again
I went to the doctor
.and everything is fine
Well, not well
...but I'll manage, so
.Call me as soon as you can
...well, I've already
I'm sorry, Dalton, about...
.what you said that day
.ok dude
Where's the mayonnaise?
Who is this?
Please don't tell me you are
You were just snooping
.What? both
What the hell is going on?
.come in
Something is happening to me, I see
.stuff, crazy stuff
Do you remember the boy
who had an accident?
.I saw him, he was dead
.I started a technical exercise
And the teacher told us to look for
.a memory in the depths of our subconscious
So, then I drew this door
You should leave this class
.I'm serious
Tonight, I was painting
.and I fell asleep
And when I woke up this lamp appeared
It was like a dream but
He wasn't
Then I walked to your room
.I know it looks bad
I feel like I'm getting close to something
.or something is approaching me
Do you have an extra pillow?
I went to my first concert
.she was awful
.Good
.(Foster)
.(renai)
.(Dalton)
.(Cali)
Dalton)?)
.(Dalton)
.My mom
.Good
.ok mom, help me out here
.(Cali)
.(Dalton)
.My mom
My mom?
.I don't know, I don't know
.Good
.the curse
(Ben Burton)
.Scale and darken
Gradient between light and dark
An effect that is not only used to create
...size and definition
But also to create a source
.Specific light outside the frame
Well, this is one of them
Goya's best paintings
Negative space draws
The eye is toward Saturn
Does that represent darkness or emptiness?
Goya mastered the canvas.
Been family and health problems
... led the famous painter
.to a whirlpool of darkness
And so he created this
...the shocking picture
A father devours his son
This balance between light and dark
.is what we are striving for
.get ready
Your experiences are what embody your artwork
Accept it, use it
They wandered into the depths of the darkness of memory
...ten
...nine
...eight
...Seven
...six
...five
...four
...three
...two
...One
Los Angeles County Hospital
For Mental Illness, (Benjamin P. Burton
Date of Birth 11-3-1948
How are you?
diligent student?
A red door
.a purple rooster
Come on man, don't you mean
you that something?
A red door
.look express than usual
We were asked to paint a picture
.in the drawing class
We have to find a memory
.I thought it was a memory from my childhood
Did you ask my mom?
No, I don't want her to worry
Why would that worry her?
.I don't know -
Is this what happens when you go to university? -
Are you getting mysterious?
.I think so
So I will not go to university
So after that dreadful night
...and your dream that wasn't a dream
...I started thinking
...Yeah, Dalton's weird.
"But he's not crazy, is he?
.I want the key back
...well, I started searching online
And guess what I found?
.you are not crazy at all
You are an astral traveler
Check this out
Looks like they filmed it in the store
Hey guys, this is a program
spectral views
I'm Spex, and this is Tucker
Hello, Tucker
.both -
Well, we are M, Z, S -
Paranormal investigators
Today we will talk about something
many of you
He was asking us about it
"Astral projection"
It is a real phenomenon when
...our physical body falls asleep
And... our astral body
.leaves our physical body
.and floats to another place
This is exactly how I feel -
I told you, cool, right? -
...our former teacher
...Dr. Elise Rainier
She had a different name
.so the other world
She called it "the isthmus."
.wait -
...(I'm Elise
Nice to see you all
I'm here to talk to you about
."Astral projection"
And about the isthmus
...Good
.a moment please
.Good
...two
.One
...isthmus
...dark world
... crammed with the tormented souls of the dead
Some are doomed
...in the yard
To live the worst mistakes of their lives
.again and again and forever
...when you astral travel
...and travel to this world
...those are the spirits
.that wakes up with your presence
.and she can smell you
.attend our lives
.life is what they long for
.more than anything else
...so, the farther you travel
The more dangerous the journey becomes
They want life, and they can come
.to our world to get it
Keep your steps steady
What are you thinking of now?
.that little boy
The boy who vomited?
.yeah, he told me something
He said, “Shut the door
.Sure, he must have been embarrassed
Yeah but, what if it was
mean something else?
What if he was talking about that door?
So will you go back and ask him?
Are you serious?
.I want to know
I feel bad for the boy
...believe me, but
.but I prefer to avoid dark worlds
...there is something important
About this painting, Chris
.I have to find out
.Good
But Nick won't
...you get in
to his room and talk to
.a ghost in his bathroom
He'll never know I'm there
Welcome to the party
Back to school, my dears
So what's the plan?
...I can -
can i help you -
...hey, I left my bra on
In Nick's room, and I want to know
If he is at home
I think it's upstairs
He studies with Paige
.Thanks
I'm going to read this to you, it's called
"on flames"
It's a very personal thing
"...Looking over the campfire"
I need a dark room
.Good
so what?
Are you going to float through the air and startle me?
.I'm not a ghost
And you won't be, Casper
.here we are
Why are these sheets so stiff?
.it should crack like toast
.I prefer dirty floors
Will you give me space? -
Yes, I'm sorry.
Well, are you ready?
...ten, nine
...eight
...Seven
...six
...five
...four
...three
...two
.One
Are you really floating?
Good luck, traveler
Are you here, Dalton?
Maybe I should get it
A second degree in writing.
But I'm pretty good at finances, which is why...
I don't want to waste this talent.
And how long do you have to keep that?
Yes, that's enough.
healthy skin.
demons.
I'll be late.
Whoops!
(Dalton)?
(Dalton).
Someone turn on the light.
Wake up, Dalton.
actually.
Chris).
Who is bothering me guys?
close the door.
(Dalton).
Chris).
Oh, my God.
Let's go.
Chris).
What?
Where are you?
Los Angeles Psychiatric Hospital.
The patient (Benjamin Bean Burton).
Emergency contacts, Lauren Lambert.
the wife.
mental disorder.
Treat it with electric shock.
Shows suspicious behavior and symptoms
Hallucinations and sleep paralysis.
Astral projection"
What?
deceased"
Student health center
Chris).
Chris, I didn't mean to do that...
do not you dare.
I just wanted to check on your health.
I'm okay.
Sorry, I didn't know they were
They actually want to hurt you.
Yes, they can.
You don't know who you're messing with.
I can't be
Part of that, Dalton.
And you might not wake up next time.
Welcome.
This is not the weekend then
Callie and Foster are asleep.
I'm not here for the two kids.
Can we talk?
certainly.
Wow, two calls in a week.
- You're right, stop it.
- Do you still have friends?
Tell me everything you remember
When I was in a coma.
Talk to your mom.
I think this is...
The things I draw...
The Door?
And now a man with a hammer.
hammer?
I think things from my past...
Which ended in my coma, and I don't know...
The reason these things come back...
- Hey.
(Dalton).
What is the matter?
I've had an image in my mind for years.
My mom said it wasn't real
It was a nightmare, but...
Tell me about it brother, hurry up.
Well, we're in a room that's like a basement.
remember that?
Do you still hear me, Dalton?
I always wanted to be better than my dad.
You know that being a good father.
You were and still are a good father, Josh.
Dalton disagrees.
If I can sympathize, you should
To make him call me back.
My father abandoned his family...
And I did the same...
You really didn't.
You don't look like him, Josh.
And you are right to be angry with him.
I am angry and have been angry for a long time
From a man I have never met in my life.
From a man who jumped out of a hospital
Mental illness in 1978.
This man passed away 40 years ago.
he is my father.
(Ben Burton).
How could he frighten me with this?
The real world?
He attacked me at my mother's house.
- He attacked you?
Yeah, am I crazy or...?
I don't know.
He left this for my mom the day he died.
"It ends with me."
What does he end up with?
- (Josh)...
- Is that your answer? Am I crazy?
Am I crazy?
Is this why I feel so lost?
In the last years?
Did I pass this on to the children?
Will he go after them?
- (Josh)...
Why didn't my mother say a word about it?
to stop.
I'm not crazy.
So what ails me?
Dalton: It wasn't a coma, and I'll find out.
(Dalton).
Which is why Dalton and I were traveling to another dimension.
Where the orcs and ghosts chased us.
Or they are entities...
Like the one in the pictures that followed you...
Your father saw them too...
Maybe it's just communication.
And he told your mom she didn't understand
And she didn't know how to help him.
Help him as you help us?
Am I suppressing her memories?
We all thought we were the best
Josh, including you.
But you got confused.
Hypnosis made you feel lethargic.
And we didn't know what your mother and I were doing.
And I was terrified of telling you the truth.
Dalton was right.
He said my mom had secrets
I have had things on my mind.
And I thought you did the same, too.
You hid it from me for ten years.
You don't know how difficult it is.
Why?
Honestly, you don't know anything.
Please, you don't understand...
Because you tried to kill our family.
She chased us all over the house
Blood dripping with a bat.
What?
I learned
It wasn't you, it was...
The thing in the pictures
But the children did not understand that.
All the nightmares Foster had.
I've been telling our two kids for a decade...
That there is no truth to those memories.
"It's just your imagination."
"Your father will not harm you."
- I couldn't.
- But you did it.
They don't care what controls you.
They saw your face and you
who caused them such pain.
For this purpose, I...
I can't live like this anymore.
you know?
We can get through this ordeal together.
Is this your picture?
Dalton just sent it to me.
He was having nightmares and visions.
Something from the red door.
And this is now.
What should we do?
I'm afraid.
It will be fine.
- It'll be all right.
I don't know.
Nothing will happen to us, I promise, okay?
Calm your brother down, Dalton.
It's not your fault.
Help me.
Why was my father angry at us?
ma...
I can go into the dark
.for my dad
No, it's risky.
- But I can do it.
It's okay, but watch out.
Let's go.
No, stop, what are you doing?
Wait, what are you doing?
Stop, please, Dad.
to stop.
no!
I'm just checking on you.
Good.
You look strange here, that's normal.
So you're fine, right? because...
When the light went out I thought
It is the dark world.
Since you don't like the dark
It crossed my mind...
I will light your room...
As I light your life.
I'm not afraid of the dark anymore.
Good.
I brought them here
And we'll hang them anyway.
Even if you're annoying, God.
So, listen.
I got your letter and wrote a sarcastic reply.
But I deleted it because Grandma Berky says
Conflict should not be exacerbated by letters.
The tone when writing is vague.
But if you ask my opinion...
Here's the opinion.
Don't get stuck in the past.
There are things that should remain buried.
then...
Sometimes you have to move on.
(Dalton)?
Listen.
Are you okay, Dalton?
(Dalton).
(Dalton)?
no.
No no.
My dad is here.
I'm getting you out of here, Dalton.
We'll go out and go home, okay?
We won't be back.
Dalton, what?
(Dalton).
Dalton, tell me you're here.
I know you're here, Dalton.
But if you touch me once
Another I will beat you up.
No, dad.
You tried to kill me.
- I wasn't the one.
I saw you.
These things can take over our bodies.
It happened to me and now it will happen to you.
He is coming to you.
You must leave.
faster.
He is coming.
Let's go.
Help me, Dalton.
Help me hold the door.
no.
We can't stop him, Dad.
You have to try, son.
stay away from me
no!
no! no.
Hurry up, Dalton.
Let's find something to lock it in.
Something to lock it down.
Come on, hurry up.
- Please, Dad.
- Father.
We have to leave.
It's not your fault.
you go.
Go.
.Get away from me
no!
No, my God.
(Josh).
This ends with me.
paint?
Paint, it's Dalton.
Get rid of that thing.
Burn it and forget about it.
No, forgetting it does not work
Well, we have to remember.
Albeit painful.
Father?
It's okay, it's okay.
Is Dalton okay?
he is fine.
Good.
(Dalton)
He's calling.
(Dalton).
Is my father back?
Yes, he's back and he's fine.
See you next Friday.
Tell Foster to prepare his homework
Home for history and I'll help him.
Come early if
Liked and joined us for dinner.
Yes, I would like to, thank you.
Wonderful house.
I thank you.
- Do you live here?
I hope so.
What a strange answer.
I remained immersed in memories.
Memories can cloud the mind.
I know you.
You may have seen me around before.
I know your mother.
I have so many subjects to tell you.
I know, and you can tell me about them.
And you'll tell me about them one day.
You have a bright future ahead of you.
You and Dalton.
Keep pace, Josh.
My picture was put up on the wall.
Okay.
I love you, son.
I love you too.
✰ Made by SimpleFileTranslator App from play store download and make subtitle for any Language ✰